Add implementations/scenarios (#1116)
SAP/luigi: docs/advanced-scenarios.md

>  <!-- meta

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- meta
```

Reviewer: Fix for docu website

{
  "node": {
    "label": "Expert scenarios",
    "category": {
      "label": "Advanced"
    },
    "metaData": {
      "categoryPosition": 4,
      "position": 1
    }
  }
}
meta -->

# Expert scenarios

This is a collection of advanced use cases and example implementations. If you are new to Luigi, take a look at our [Getting Started](getting-started.md) section first.

<!-- accordion:start -->

> ### Using a SPA router for navigation and keeping Luigi Core URL in sync

Author: It's H3 due to this custom `accordion` element, which renders the content in a clickable accordion on the docu page. And it only works with H3 titles :(

To keep the example simple, we use [virtualTree](navigation-parameters-reference.md#virtualtree) to allow any nested navigation. This is not mandatory; you can always specify the node tree by yourself and still use automatic navigation with router events.

#### Luigi node configuration

```javascript
    {
      pathSegment: 'Orders',
      label: 'orders',
      viewUrl: 'https://orders.microfrontend/',
      navigationContext: 'orders',
      virtualTree: true
    }
```

#### Using Angular Router for navigation

Angular provides [Router events](https://angular.io/guide/router#router-events). We are reacting on `NavigationEnd` to update the URL after a successful route change.

We assume that the whole Angular app is one micro frontend and has its routes declared on the root level:

```javascript
  { path: 'preload', component: PreloadComponent },
  { path: '', component: OrderListComponent },
  { path: ':id', component: OrderComponent },
  { path: ':id/details', component: OrderDetailsComponent },
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I would also add more explanation here and steps to follow :)

<!-- meta
{
  "node": {
    "label": "Expert scenarios",
    "category": {
      "label": "Advanced"
    },
    "metaData": {
      "categoryPosition": 4,
      "position": 1
    }
  }
}
meta -->

# Expert scenarios

This is a collection of advanced use cases and example implementations. If you are new to Luigi, take a look at our [Getting Started](getting-started.md) section first.

<!-- accordion:start -->

> ### Use a SPA router and keep Luigi Core URL in sync

Author: See comment above: 
> We have to use H3 due to the custom `accordion` element, which renders the content in a clickable accordion on the docu page

#### Overview

> This example shows you how to keep an existing routing strategy and use an existing micro frontend as drop-in without the need to refactor everything to `LuigiClient.linkManager()`. To update the Luigi Core URL when routing internally with the micro frontend router, without updating the URL on the Luigi Client side, use the `linkManager()` [withoutSync](luigi-client-api.md#withoutsync) method.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can add a link to `LuigiClient.linkManager()` or explain the method?

<!-- add-attribute:class:warning -->

> > **NOTE**: This is a very simple example for navigation. Special cases like modals, split views and other functionalities still require the use of [Luigi Client](luigi-client-api.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: This is a very simple example. For cases like modals, split views, and other functionalities you still have to use [Luigi Client](luigi-client-api.md).
```
Maybe we can have a third specific case instead of `other functionalities`? If not, I would just put ` For cases like modals or split views, you still...`

#### Steps

1. Configure the Luigi navigation node:

<!-- add-attribute:class:success -->

> > **NOTE**: To keep the example simple, we use [virtualTree](navigation-parameters-reference.md#virtualtree) to allow any nested navigation. This is not mandatory; you can always specify the node tree by yourself and still use automatic navigation with router events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: To keep the example simple, we use [virtualTree](navigation-parameters-reference.md#virtualtree) to allow any nested navigation, but this is not mandatory. You can always specify the node tree yourself and still use automatic navigation with router events.
```

    import { Router, NavigationEnd } from '@angular/router';
    import { Injectable, OnDestroy } from '@angular/core';
    import { Subscription } from 'rxjs';
    import { filter } from 'rxjs/operators';
    import { linkManager } from '@kyma-project/luigi-client';

    @Injectable()
    export class LuigiAutoNavigationService implements OnDestroy {
      private subscriptions: Subscription = new Subscription();
      constructor(private router: Router) {}
      public init(): void {
        this.subscriptions.add(
          this.router.events
            .pipe(filter(ev => ev instanceof NavigationEnd))
            .subscribe((ev: NavigationEnd) => {
              if (ev instanceof NavigationEnd) {
                linkManager()
                  .fromClosestContext()
                  .withoutSync()
                  .navigate(ev.url);
              }
            })
        );
      }

      ngOnDestroy(): void {
        this.subscriptions.unsubscribe();
      }
    }
```

#### Result

Other than the added service, which could also be implemented as a `RouteGuard` or similar, the micro frontend is unchanged and uses `[routerLink='']` or other functionalities to navigate.

> ### Authenticate Luigi with Google Cloud Identity

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Authenticate Luigi with Google Cloud Identity
```

> #### Overview

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Overview
```

This example shows you how to use Luigi with a Google account.

> #### Steps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Steps
```

1. Register a project and generate an OAuth2 Web Client based on [Google Developers Identity - OAuth2UserAgent](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/OAuth2UserAgent).
2. To get your app running locally, set the Authorized JavaScript Origins URIs to `http://localhost:4200` and Authorized redirect URIs to `http://localhost:4200/luigi-core/auth/oauth2/callback.html?storageType=localStorage`.

> 3. Copy the Client ID on the right side, ending with `apps.googleusercontent.com`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Copy the Client ID on the right side, ending with `apps.googleusercontent.com`.
```
Is it the ClientID that already ends with `apps.googleusercontent.com` or does the user have to add it?  I assume it;'s the first one, judging from the code, but I think we might want to make it more precise.

> 4. Update the LuigiConfig auth section. We have added also the parts for logout and getting user information:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Update the LuigiConfig auth section. In this example, we have also provided a configuration for logout and getting user information:
```

```javascript
  {
    auth: {
      use: 'oAuth2ImplicitGrant',
      oAuth2ImplicitGrant: {
        authorizeUrl: 'https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth',
        oAuthData: {
          response_type: 'id_token token',
          client_id: 'YOUR_CLIENT_ID...apps.googleusercontent.com',
          scope: 'openid https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.email profile',
        }
      },
      logoutFn: async (settings, authData, logoutCallback) => {
        console.log('revoking token');
        await fetch(`https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/revoke?token=${authData.accessToken}`);
        logoutCallback();
        location.href = '/logout.html';
      }
    }
  }
```

Google's `id_token` contains basic identity data like name and user ID, which allows for this data to be shown in the profile.

> Additionally, if you would also like to show the user picture, add the following code to enrich the user profile information:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. If you would also like to show the user picture, add the following code to enrich the user profile information:
```
I would make it a step as well. We can add that it is optional if necessary :)
